Dear LBRY Team,
BPI is a UK record label Trade Association acting on behalf of its
own members and of the members of the music licensing company
Phonographic Performance Limited (PPL). Part of BPI's role is to act
on behalf of the members to protect the rights in sound recordings
owned or controlled by the members. The members between them hold the
UK rights for approximately 99% of all the sound recordings legally
available in the UK each year.

We are writing to you to request the immediate removal of the
following URLs from your search index, which relates to a podcast
titled "Tea Time with Sam & Laura": (Various Episodes as listed
below), containing as introduction music, a copyrighted work by the
recording artist "The Coral". The copyright owner is BPI member Sony
Music. Please note you have been helpful previously (9 Aug 2021), in
removing the same content from this podcast (then titled slightly
differently) "Tea Time with Sam and Laura"

The URL's are as follows :
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime002:b [1]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime03:0 [2]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime005:d [3]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime007:b [4]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime009:1 [5]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime025:c [6]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime031:e [7]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime032:1 [8]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime033:9 [9]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime035:8 [10]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime036:7 [11]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime037:7 [12]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime038:b [13]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime039:f [14]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime041:8 [15]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime042:a [16]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime043:0 [17]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime47:1 [18]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime051:1 [19]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime053:2 [20]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime064:4 [21]
https://odysee.com/@LauraTowler:3/TeaTime075:4 [22]

The work is The Coral - Dreaming of You, a legitimate copy of which
can be found here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QXt723fN1ss [23]

I have good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted material
described above is infringing and is not authorized by the copyright
owner, its agent, or the law.

I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the
notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner or am
authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is
allegedly infringed

Kind Regards,

Chris Sheehan
On behalf of BPI (British Recorded Music Industry) Ltd
27 Old Gloucester Street, London, WC1N 3AX, UK

[24] [25]

BPI (British Recorded Music Industry) Limited ("BPI") is a company
registered in England & Wales (Company No.01132389). BPI's registered
office is 27 Old Gloucester Street, London, WC1N 3AX, UK. This email &
any attachments are confidential & intended for the original named
recipient/s only. This email & any attachments may not be used by
anyone other than the original named recipient/s & may not be copied,
forwarded, distributed or disclosed to anyone else. If you have
received this email & any attachments in error, please contact BPI on
+44 (0)20 7803 1300 quoting the name of the sender & the email
recipient/s to which it has been sent in error, & then delete it. BPI
has taken steps to ensure that this email & any attachments are
virus-free, however BPI does not accept any responsibility for
viruses. It is your responsibility to virus-check this email & any
attachments. BPI may monitor emails & attachments for the purposes of
security &/or staff training. For further information, please visit
BPI's website at www.bpi.co.uk [26].

BPI Content Protection

BPI (British Recorded Music Industry) Ltd
Tel:

[27] [28]

BPI (British Recorded Music Industry) Limited ("BPI") is a company
registered in England & Wales (Company No.01132389). BPI's registered
office is 27 Old Gloucester Street, London, WC1N 3AX, UK. This email &
any attachments are confidential & intended for the original named
recipient/s only. This email & any attachments may not be used by
anyone other than the original named recipient/s & may not be copied,
forwarded, distributed or disclosed to anyone else. If you have
received this email & any attachments in error, please contact BPI on
+44 (0)20 7803 1300 quoting the name of the sender & the email
recipient/s to which it has been sent in error, & then delete it. BPI
has taken steps to ensure that this email & any attachments are
virus-free, however BPI does not accept any responsibility for
viruses. It is your responsibility to virus-check this email & any
attachments. BPI may monitor emails & attachments for the purposes of
security &/or staff training. For further information, please visit
BPI's website at www.bpi.co.uk [29].

-------------------------
