Cloudflare received a DMCA copyright infringement complaint regarding:

spee.ch

Below is the complaint we received:

Reporter's Name: Anthony Grande
Copyright Holder's Name: 
Reporter's Email Address: antipiracy@riaa.com
Reporter's Company Name: Recording Industry Association of America
Reporter's Telephone Number: 2027750101
Reporter's Address: 1025 F Street NW, 10th Floor Washington, DC US

Reported URLs:

        https://spee.ch/8/YouCouldBeMineRitz1991

Original Work: We have learned that your  service is hosting the below-referenced infringing web site on its network. This site is offering a file containing a sound recording which is owned by one of our member companies and has not been authorized for this kind of use, including without limitation those referenced at the URL below. We have a good faith belief that this activity is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. We assert that the information in this notification is accurate, based upon the data available to us. We are asking for your immediate assistance in stopping this unauthorized activity. Specifically, we request that you remove the file from your system, including any mirrored or duplicate copies of this file, and/or that you disable all access to the infringing file and associated links, and that you inform the site operator(s) of the illegality of his or her conduct. We also ask that you consider the widespread and repeated infringing nature o
 f the site operator(s)’ conduct, and whether the site’s activities violate your terms of service and/or your company’s repeat infringer policy.
This e-mail does not constitute a waiver of any right to recover damages incurred by virtue of any such unauthorized activities, and such rights as well as claims for other relief are expressly retained. In addition, our use of your service&#039;s required notice form, if applicable, is merely meant to facilitate removal of the infringing material listed below and is not meant to suggest or imply that your activities and services are within the scope of the DMCA safe harbor.

Guns n roses - You Could be Mine - https://spee.ch/8/YouCouldBeMineRitz1991


We have forwarded this complaint to your hosting provider. 

Regards,

Cloudflare Abuse

LBRY data:
SD Hash:272d233caa49414772c2fd3676aa5a5c31d7f77073fd94e1096b14656d5db6f419b77425435b475ab88723da6e118e42
Outpoint: 5c5ca7068cec0de5cd58d4f844278ffb02f619c5bf45eeefdcd35e9cf2a2c4cb:0 
