Hello,

My name is Payday Monsanto! I have listed the information requested below but I wanted to make you aware that I have spent pretty much all late afternoon and evening trying to pull my music off this channel and will have to further with others. Originally my wife notified me around 4:30AM EST time and I asked her to do takedowns but she had difficulty doing it through the site so I assume after not receiving any reply, I had to do it when I got home from the studio. I notice 2 song were pulled but I actually did 21 all together and those two may have been earlier! This user @WhyMzksonice was warned by wife and he laughed in her face pretty much! EVERY song & video on his site (not just mine) are copyrighted (there is even extremely well know known artists that have won Grammy's etc.. that he has no permission and doesn't have it on copyright option let alone my information to contact me and where to LEGALLY purchase anything in my discovery including unreleased songs that some have got a hold of or taken from my wife's platforms she manages for me) and I don't understand how he actually has the nerve to try and get paid but most of us independent artists pay CDBaby as one option if their service we use to sweep our music and videos on all platforms for us and it's no seeming to happen on those that are fairly newer one or privatized. I would not have had to manually do every song. I have a select few people who are granted to use my music but cannot profit from it. My wife just opened an account maybe 2 months ago and she did did a channel with my name and archive and right now I cannot afford to lose money because people use downloaders or will pass along my discovery after purchasing a file pack directly from me. If people want my music they can purchases it directly through me or on
iTunes: https://apple.co/3QhfQ6D
Amazon Music: https://music.amazon.com/artists/B004ISGD6U/payday-monsanto

The rule being broken is my intellectual property. My is copyright and this song "Naked Truth" I thought I put in properly but there were so many on this channel I may have click a wrong button or option or even submitted twice. The entirety of the video/audio he uploaded of my song is from
0:00-4:13
It is a copyright violation. Here is just one link to my direct song on my accounts where people can legally purchase the song being questioned called Naked Truth on iTunes: https://music.apple.com/us/album/naked-truth/1141321778?i=1141322073
As well as over 100 other more sites through my publishing rights administrator and I'm independent therefore hold 100% all rights reserved to everything I have written, composed, beats created, performances, video creations, images, etc.. having a publishing right administrator I am to get 100% mechanical royalties any time a reproduction in digital format is created, used on a stream, podcast, even a cover song and I haven't received anything from these people or anything via your app, site, affiliates as I'm notified immediately. A sample of my music cannot even be used without my permission. It is very frustrating being an artist for 28 years now and since these downloaders and screen recorders have become available it has been difficult for me! I appreciate that many enjoy my music but I deserve to get paid and not ripped off by it being stolen

I believe there is another channel or two that have just a few song that I will have to get to just not tonight but if there is anyway I can do multiple copyrights at one time as each is so time consuming. I would have held off until my children went to sleep but this user was very rude to my wife!
Can I also have an update of all my videos on the users channel? Sorry if there are duplicates. We are new to your platform and haven't got it all down pat!
Respectfully,
Payday Monsanto 

https://odysee.com/@Whymzksonice:9/Payday-Monsanto---Naked-Truth:9 
