Account in question:
@MartinSellner
Martin Sellner Live

Video in question: 'Omofuma Verhüllung in Wien -Blickwinkel von 4 Aktivisten [Reupload]' - Image is visible @ 0.22
https://odysee.com/@MartinSellner:d/IMG_7760:2
Claim ID267c4ee3766872e4ab5f47451686e275d73caeeb

- Reupload: Aktion beim "https://odysee.com/@MartinSellner:d/IMG_7702:f (odysee.com) Claim IDf01be5f74e8e1b72c96743eede14f680be7cba59
- https://odysee.com/@WinBewegung:2/VID_20201206_134825_983:f 

The image in question was discovered posted in a video by a user / group on your platform - "MartinSellner"
Please see attached image (odysee_01) as evidence.


The image in question is a black and white reproduction of a photograph which was supplied to various news outlets (see attached - sara_02).
While this image is hosted on various media sites, these were supplied WITH the families permission, and credited to them:
https://www.thesun.co.uk/fabulous/7104858/mum-london-bridge-attack-sara-zelenek/#

The woman has not previously given consent for the image to be used in this way (as part of a white lives matter protest).
As such, the presentation of her image in this way infringes upon her moral rights.

The lawful copyright owners - David and Julie Wallace (parents of the woman in question) have sought our services in this matter.
As the executors of her estate, they have expressed that they do not wish, nor grant permission, for her image to be displayed in such a manner.
It is with their express wishes and on their behalf that we request this video be removed.

If it eventuates that your organisation is not able or willing to remove the video, we may provide you with a formal letter of claim, detailing the infringement(s) and the estates request. We also reserve the right to pursue a take-down request, and supply you with a formal notice of infringement.

Under Austrian law, any use of a work that fulfils the criteria for a protectable work under the Copyright Act in a manner that is comprised by the types of exploitation mentioned in sections 14 to 18a of the Copyright Act without the consent of the author or co-authors constitutes a copyright infringement.
Austria is also a party to the Berne convention (international copyright agreement) which states that photographic work shall be copyrighted at least 25 years after the death of the author.
