Notice of Infringement via eMail

NOTICE OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT

Dear lbry.tv_ugc:

On behalf of Mirror Releasing, LLC (doing business as “United Artists Releasing”) and/or its subsidiaries and affiliated companies, I am writing to notify you of the infringement of United Artists Releasing's intellectual property rights in the titles identified below on the https://lbry.tv/ website. Demand is hereby made that you take immediate action to stop such infringements.

The below links are specific examples of https://lbry.tv/ web pages linking to video files that infringe upon United Artists Releasing's intellectual property rights.

United Artists Releasing hereby demands that you promptly remove and disable the links to, and delete from your servers all unauthorized copies of works whose copyrights are owned or licensed by United Artists Releasing on the https://lbry.tv/ website of which you are aware, including the links identified below.

This letter is not a complete statement of United Artists Releasing's rights in connection with this matter, and nothing contained herein constitutes an express or implied waiver of any rights, remedies, or defenses of United Artists Releasing in connection with this matter, all of which are expressly reserved. We appreciate your prompt attention to this important matter.

The undersigned has a good faith belief that use of the materials in the manner described herein is not authorized by United Artists Releasing, its agent, or the law. The information in this notice is accurate. Under penalty of perjury, the undersigned is authorized to act on behalf of United Artists Releasing with respect to this matter.


Sincerely,

Brad Bo
On behalf of Vobile as an agent for United Artists Releasing
2880 Lakeside Drive, Suite 360
Santa Clara, CA 95054
E-mail: agent@uar.copyright-notice.com


No Time To Die


https://lbry.tv/@EndGameEschatology:8/NoTimeToDie2021DNA:2
https://cdn.lbryplayer.xyz/api/v4/streams/free/NoTimeToDie2021DNA/279cb34bccad56a3e8ce951c3d8533761ec2c988/20f448




-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: Cryptix OpenPGP 0.20050418

iQEcBAEBAgAGBQJhsaDxAAoJEKi+dpuNCI2jj5IH/2xlAvZAX+OYyvqmSjv9pyA6
ii06mmadzawKx5/8P+Wt0Lw16Stxfhq9DVWD53oAshI4NnaU7HBXktdtUMaYP/qA
mthlvo9cqh7IZDTaH1Iqt+clCdtrFDKOQulbbTiTkm3QuI0p3BkYZcBuPZemsPJp
w87HPFL0BZLnAQuFTR72+w47Rm8iPLGQ72WgBGrWT4qwviuc94pXqtUCTAqPQmWs
prA0hYsSa7OfipKxDAGNoiIZ7xIj2vi9KWLgWdDj6CVVYKSjOyMANxZjWt0cI3gq
nV0K1+9SxuOGZKMEGAWeZ7ksM8Ixh1Yw3hgTKxMYEEktOsor3xSuRwOjNMI+BtU=
=J2Bk
-----END PGP SIGNATURE----- 
