Copyright Owner Name: Natyf Inc. Full Legal Name: Jean-Yves Roux Title or Job Position: Senior Executive <personal information redacted>
    URL of allegedly infringing video to be removed: https://odysee.com/@JesusChrist-TV:a/Les-victimes-sexuelles-du-faux-pasteur-Congolais-Didier-Bitemo-condamn%C3%A9-par-la-Justice-Canadienne-d%C3%A9ballent!__Merged:6
    The work allegedly infringed:
        Title of original video: Le Keke Show - Scandale sexuel avec un pasteur et ses fidèles
        Link to video: https://www.facebook.com/315069498566614/videos/371446614065205
        Where does the content appear? Entire video

Country where copyright applies: Canada I, in good faith state that:

    I am the owner, or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
    I have a good faith belief that the use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
    This notification is accurate.
    I acknowledge that there may be adverse legal consequences for making false or bad faith allegations of copyright infringement by using this process.
    I understand that abuse of this tool will result in termination of my YouTube account.

Authorized Signature: Jean-Yves Roux Natyf Inc. <personal information redacted> www.natyf.com AVIS DE CONFIDENTIALITÉ / PRIVACY NOTICE Ce courriel peut contenir de l'information privilégiée ou confidentielle. S'il ne vous est pas adressé ou si vous l'avez reçu par erreur, nous vous saurions gré d'en aviser l'émetteur immédiatement et d'effacer l'original, sans en tirer de copie ni en dévoiler le contenu. This e-mail may contain confidential and/or privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient, or if you have received it in error, kindly notify the sender immediately and delete the original without copying it or disclosing its contents. 
